Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): Hello.
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): Hi, can you hear me?
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): Yes, okay, sounds good.
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): Do you think we should, wait for a few other participants to join, or…
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): Okay.
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): Sounds good, sounds good. Let's… let's see if anyone is here. Otherwise, I think we can also just share, and then hopefully someone will look at the, recording.
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): maybe that's ping other people, on the Discord, and see if anyone is joining, and we can wait for another, 3-4 minutes.
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): Yeah, I know. I saw that, Sam has been… is absent today.
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): Okay, I think we can wait another one minute, and then we can get started.
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): Yes, I want to chat about ERC-8117. I want to give a quick update about 8117. It's 5 minutes, so let me get started with it.
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): So if you go to ERC-8117,
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): We have some recent change. Let me give you the link.
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): And, this is the link.
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): we… recently make a change to the ERC-8117, primarily changing the superscript to subscript.
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): Because we realized that this, convention has been, has already been adopted by, Etherscan and a bunch of other browsers. So, we believe that, this is, superscript… a subscript is more, more of a,
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): backward compatible one. And we also changed the, ASCII display
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): ASCII, display from curly bracket to a normal bracket.
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): This is also because we saw that convention has been adopted.
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): So, we use that to update our, criteria, our spec.
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): I would love to, get some feedback before we finalize this convention, especially for wallets, who care about counter, address
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): poisoning, since, like, address poisoning has been raised multiple times in the past few months and becomes a…
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): increasing security concern. So we want to bring this attention to people, and then, continue to advocate for more secure display of, address format.
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): And my name is Victor. I am the author of the ERC-8117.
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): Thank you.
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): So if you have any feedback, please let me know.
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): all the devs, meeting today is a little bit quiet. So,
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): And I'm very happy to have one friend here, and if you are watching this,
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): recording or reading the meeting notes afterwards, feel free to leave a comment,
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): And, by find, on this pull request.
Z. Victor Zhou (xinbenlv): And that's it for now.